the situation between rodrigues and us
warendorf's at first sight
you can not see anything and then
comes the slow motion which gets some
wolf you say neutral
position videos have got down on
the foot year so I would again
to agree with is elfmeter than the first
scene then but that's stupid for big ones
Rooms can be slow and evil now
Ghosts believe because the noses as teeth
with the final whistle, too
would have eleven meters where you would have
can give eleven meters
Three may but does not have decisions
three times against the bvb i wanted this one
but it brings more should take off
and forwards a bit more
or an idea i hate to lose
he will make the defeat so firm
then it is completely wrong because
that also work up chronologically
Of course, the bvb can eventually
but if you do it, you do it
has the watch the game we had
even before 1 or 2 0 in leadership
can go
that's a bit short so far
come
in a round even friends said
No, that was me they had 20 drive
I could say she agrees
applause correctly yes I take everything
back
Sunday morning under some strokes
that the penalty decision
could have been hit the other way
and that jürgen klop the trainer of
bvb at the press conference
of course , but has expressed very much
Nobel
Mr Drews has my name earlier than you
Coach was a lot of friendly games
Whistled by us because he was ours
Therefore, he was not allowed to whistle the Bundesliga
comes from directly against and I know
what ever since points behind more
it probably was already there
then certainly not work on the
decisions they would have thought that
Your trainer can take back so
the wild jury that is not the right one now
you have to be careful now that
The jürgen klop not always
tries in the poetic two games
we do not give totally great
Coach also a great guy though
yesterday also in the first foul of
bender, he jumps as if from the
Tarantula stung on front at
fourth league card for manni that
happens before
but it is only wrong now
on jürgen klopp and jürgen klopp too
look that makes every coach you times
As a trainer you are under massive pressure
and that comfort and I think that
He was doing very well there yesterday
expressed and the youth office also has a lot
much praise comes from walter states as we
us in the round sits in one today
column in the picture on sunday next what
has integrated into it, I have to
admit we had with another
We already had reactions
dreamed of headlines klop raging
something is raging
yes, always very grateful
No I found it in the moment you notice
yes interview with the colleagues of
scale with the words and rank
finally fought for and
a review but a soft criticism and
regular review decided
that was it, I think I'm smart
and I do not know if he is now
has changed or if the uefa lock him
but has taken a bit deeper and
remembers a bit back there
At least one had the impression
he was a bit
withdrawn so reserved
that yours on the drawer is waiting for many
drawers
somehow it is this again
clash of jürgen klopp until
referee drees after the game
Yesterday we also look at the pictures
It was then very withdrawn
went to push the impartial
for a player on the side of himself
got excited and then the great list
then he passes the rotary hand
and that was the first thing for
The TV cameras are doing so far
Well
You really have to go to the background
Mr. Drews also knows the man of
in the last match the goal of dortmund
against hope home had to give first
had then withdrawn was all
By the way, recording is correct
but not descended and the same after
Dreesch is also the man of five
years a game hsv against dortmund
whistle was on the pictures
already one comes to play
duplicity of events also there the
for your club immediately become drews
and then
but then without a hard blow away and what
at that time, the episode was already in memory
At that time, Jürgen Klopp received 12,000
euro fine for the number of
also learned it sparingly
Youth already pays his own punishment
but is schwabe and from
therefore a bit economical
quite defensive and set
therefore a good thing and he has
maybe yesterday but no
I also think he has seen overall
of course, that can not be over
Compare five years ago today
a very different radiance yes there
hardly anyone does not admire him for it
who can stand that if something hype around
him and happens even if he completely
the normal everyday scenes has the
can no longer live a normal life and
that's what you would be for
had to somehow assess whether the
Yesterday, very much to take back
respond as he has responded, we
do not even know what he is to schiri
I said wait first
pleasing is not to say but me
I think it's overdone even before five
years this story if you then
after the game to shoot there goes
and tell him something I appeal
again this communication
between players and trainers
It's easy for referees to do this
improvement that happens
just yelling in the moment yesterday
i also believe its players easy
he wants to protect the blanket he has brought
also said afterwards and he should
Just kid off the kid something
do not assume he was doing something yesterday
said but that's part of how but
said also that is so after
play and knows none of us what
both because brat beat or
not even when he says you are one
blind you have a bad whistle yes
it is noticeable that again and again
clash of Mr. Drews with
borussia dortmund is wants the dfb
continue to make a little supplies
rather if we do that we have nothing
but we would not do it
no, that's not to be ok
they would not have surrendered if that
dfb at the beginning now on it
pay attention to other games
Prince Jochen Drees also under pressure though
he now the next game in the foreseeable future
time of the bvb celebrated he had the same
problem that all with argusaugen again
So I'm assuming
maybe that too from the dfb
since I am a bit diplomatic
handles and while we have against the
persons drews there is no code